web_comments.py is a python module I wrote to help me write comments in all files for the pre-work. It can be pasted
into a Python 3+ Lib directory. It contains two functions; auto_walk_web_comments() and auto_web_comments_in_dir(), which
write web comments to empty web files in an os.walk or in the current working directory respectively. I ran it
successfully and automated most comment strings. Neither function will erase a file. There is a helper function that checks
for empty files before any writing.

# TG-Pre-Work

### While we do want our developers to work smarter, not harder, please refrain from plagiarizing.  It is completely fine to reword information you have gleaned from internet sources, however, please be prepared to redo the work should you submit a directly copied/pasted answer.  If you must copy/paste, cite your sources (this citation doesn't need to be fancy - just state directly where you found the information or provide a link).  Additionally, some of the questions below are tricky.  The answers were not necessarily covered in the reading we assigned.  They are not intended to be straightforward because we expect you to do some research to discover the answers to the best of your ability.  If you cannot find an answer, explain what you do know and what you are stuck on.  

## When we hit https://www.techtonic.com/ what happens? Don’t focus too much on architecture (Monolithic, SOA, Microservices, etc.). Try to focus more on how the web functions in general terms/steps.

When a website is requested by the browser the IP address of the domain (techtonic.com) must be determined by a DNS
lookup. The DNS lookup checks cached data in the browser and then the client operating system for the record.
If it is not located, the router cache and then the ISP DNS server caches are checked. If unsuccessful, a
recursive root DNS server search will be the last resort in locating the website.

The request contains cookies for the domain which are stored in a file on the client side.

## From start to finish, how does data reach you to be rendered in the browser?

The browser sends an HTTP request to the server:
GET https://www.techtonic.com/
and it sends an HTTP 200 response meaning the page loaded from disk cache.
The headers contain information about encoding in the content-encoding header. They also contain cookie and cache
information.
The HTML response is generated by the server. After the response body is decompressed from the gzip file,
the HTML begins to render.
The browser will send more GET requests for any URLs in the HTML tags, CSS, or javascript to retrieve objects.

## What code is rendered in the browser?

The visible DOM (Document Object Model) tags and parsed CSSOM (CSS Object Model) are rendered in the browser with
the creation of a rendering tree that the browser paints.

## What is the server-side code’s main function?

Server-side code retrieves and stores data in databases and files, but also returns HTML to the client.

## What is the client-side code’s main function?

Client-side code allows interaction with a webpage via scripts and a web browser to enable user experience.

## What is runtime?

Runtime is the period of time between a program executing and quitting.

## How many instances of the client-side assets (HTML, CSS, JS, Images, etc.) are created?

Client-side assets are cached in a single instance for each cache.

## How many instances of the server-side code are available at any given time?

It depends on how it is scaled.

## How many instances of the databases connected to the server application are created?

One for a visit to the URL before anything else is accessed.
A new instance is created every time a CRUD (create, read, update, delete) function is implemented on the database.
See also https://www.lifewire.com/database-instance-1019612 for disambiguation.